This is Technical Difficulties. We play Citation Needed.
He is accompanying me today. He reads books, you know. It's Chris Joel!
Hey.
Every one ... I expected that to be longer.
[LAUGHTER]
Everyone's favorite: Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan.
Three speeds and only one of them is backwards.
The most lively man on the internet: Matt Gray.
Welcome, YouTube!
For me I have an article from Wikipedia and these guests can not see it.
Every little fact that they have good is worth a point and a 'thing' [DING].
And there is a price for good answers and that is .... [mysterious cakes]
And today we talk about ...
cello scrotum.
Does it have anything to do with banjo strings?
Oh. Ohh. Sorry, it took a while.
-- I go for it. - Oh! All right.
Is it a condition under which cellists suffer, because of the position in which they have to place themselves,
When they play the cello? And that is why the vibrations produce a sort of, of
painful skin rash?
- No! - Waaahhh!
Is it when you have two F-shaped cutouts
In your notes, for better acoustics?
Eh, no. No, the thing is
That is what the article in medical literature said it was
So I give you a point anyway [DING]
But why is it even more remarkable?
Has it happened to women?
Wow!
No. No, it did not happen to women.
Horses?
It has not happened to horses.
Old blues men? Cello Scrotum?
No. Although it is a good name.
It has not happened to blues men either.
It was a fantastic dose of applause that went around this one time in the Royal Philharmonic?
You all assume that someone was injured here
Was it just completely made up?
A point! [THING]
Ah!
Complete, fully fabricated, as a number report. which changed into a what?
Ehm, a medical journal?
Yes, the British medical journal [DING]
The prestigious British Medical Journal in 1974
And reportedly a condition among male cello players
It was an answer to the 'gitaartepel'
Nipple?!
Guitar spoon
What is rubbing?
If you play your guitar so high, that's ...
The Beatles did it for a while!
I say, shotgun bassist!
♫ Bum ba-diggley bum ♫
Dr. Elaine Murphy thought that the person who entered the "gitaartepel" made a joke
So she sent in 'cello scrotum' as a joke.
what was published in the British Medical Journal
without anyone pointing out what is fairly important?
That they were testicles?
- Hey! - Aaaww!
It is a golf club. They are not cookies! It is a golf club!
He is good. He is good. He is good.
I did not even know I was making a joke until I did it!
What was wrong with that?
Well, you should not have a cello so high, to begin with.
That's right yes. [THING]
Between your legs, is not it?
- Yes, get a point. - If you have a cello so high, then you have legs in that corner.
Yes, that is completely true.
Moreover, do not your cellos rest on an ear?
So from [CHAK]
- I will tell you something ... - [OEHAAH!]
I'll tell you something, that's how you get cello scrotum. If you place the standard incorrectly.
I'll give you that now.
Yes, you are right. A cellist does not put the cello somewhere in the vicinity of ... the cross.
Well, normally
Speak for yourself
Which means that Elaine Murphy, baroness Murphy, has a wonderful Wikipedia article, because at the top
are all those sections, you know, like a member of The House of Lords ... life pear ...
And then 'Cello Scortum' controversy.
Point! [THING]
The very last section is a well-referenced section, linking to an article by BBC, which is simply titled ...
"Peer reveals" Cello Scortum is "hoax".
That is one to put on the cost claim.
Yes. Why is this important?
Why is the fact that this was published as an article in medical literature important?
Has it changed how ... did the collegial, double-blind ... review need?
That should have been. I give you a point for that [DING].
That should certainly have been. Something like that should never end up in BMJ before someone comes for a long time
thinking ... Cello scrotum? --REALLY?
Cello scrotum? --REALLY?
"Johnny, Johnny, you're playing the cello right now, would you just drop your pants,
so that I can see that there is no redness or irritation down there? "
"pants down!"
"No ... it seems ... it seems more, more, planed, but I can not prove it's the cello, that's the problem."
"Is it that you are fantastic deviant?"
No, that's just the band name. Johnny and the Fantastic Deviants.
She all played their instruments wrong.
Ooh!
"You would not want to see what he did with his double bass!"
"Very, very terrible, very bad for the wood."
Ehm, yes. There was another publication in 1990, simply titled
"Cello Scrotum" doubtful ".
What sounds like the bad police report that I have ever heard.
"Was it you ?!"
I mainly use this to change the subject.
[SNIK!]
To a totally different load of
"sharing human body".
And now I'm going for a moment, doing a super fast round.
What other conditions mentioned in ... that now have ...
Henderson's Hooch?
Shatner's Bassoon?
That is not real. that is from Brass Eye. Chris?
Nelsons left eyeball?
- I hope that was it. 50/50 chance it was that. - We talk about tennis arm stuff
- Yes, that's a point [DING] - house maids knee.
- [DING] Right. - Ehm ...
Juggler's back!
Jugglers? what is a juggler back?
Jongleurs backside is when you always drop something and bend over the same way
to grab the fallen juggling balls. You end up with a tear over a cheek.
I'm curious ... I can not do a full medical literature check here ...
I am very sure that it is not here.
golvers nipple.
I have no golfers nipple, I have a different body part. What is a golfers nipple?
That is when it is cup-shaped at the end. So you can use it as a turning point, in an emergency.
I expected during the swing. Because most golfers wear a certain type of polo
You have to wear a colored shirt ... they wear polo t-shirts
and these always have logos, just where the ... comme ça!
That's correct. That's about it. it rubs the nipples, so often ...
I've heard something of bandages underneath or something to prevent that from happening during the swing.
Right. There are a number of reveries to that. I must admit that. But the gene that I have for waves is not the nipple.
Elbow?
Elbow! Point for you [DING]. Golfers elbow.
That is exactly the same as a tennis elbow anyway?
- About and to, yes. - But longer?
--Yes. - Implement.
Not elbow ... it just grows.
Have a long elbow.
Can someone else feel that, if you close your fingers, kind of on the tip of your nose, there
do you feel a kind of .... tingling?
that's psychosomatic right?
I can actually feel it, there.
Wait! stop. No! we are being sounded, we all do this ...
no not at all! really. I do not make a joke. Really. If I can
if I hang here with my finger, I feel a tingling sensation.
You are right! You are actually right with that. This is not hoax, viewers
- Like the time I invited you all to the podcast ... - I have a unibrow!
I'm going to feel it!
Yes, I can do that, but that's because it's there.
it is further away than where you actually touch the skin. It's about here. I can feel it ... even with my eyes closed
this sounds like reiki.
- in fingers or hair? - Here ... I can feel it, tingling.
So that is pretty far away. That it starts to tingle.
- Indeed ... - It seems to become stronger.
It is only your body that is aware that there is something there and that
a little nervous that someone is about to hit you.
In the eye! It is just a funny thing that you can feel.
Close your eyes and tell me when you can feel that I am doing it with you.
Do not do it daft!
I'm not going to do anything else, I just want you to tell me when you can feel it.
Okay, I'm coming closer.
I would like to say that I can already feel something, but I am worried that there is nothing at all right now.
Right, you are absolutely right!
You have it completely correct ... SCIENCE!
It's the truth. But you can still feel it. It's a crazy thing.
Right.
So yes, golfers elbow, tennis elbow is here. What else do we have?
There is nothing wrong with football players, but are they rolling over the ground?
cyclists sphincter?
- Oh, actually ... there is ... - Thighs!
It is quite a narrow chair.
Fine. That too.
And there is also a type of tumor that cyclists get in their delicate areas.
More sensitive to it there, than anywhere else.
A cyclist's tumor.
A bike's a tumor.
It starts with peri, or not, and you do not want to google photos of it?
Ohh! No! Really?
Because you are sitting on a saddle, there are certain pressure points.
Yes.
- Yes, uh, that ... - Quietly to the next ...
... strange enough, not registered as a specific complaint.
There is a total category about occupational disease, but most of them, because they are not about leisure time
are actually pretty terrible.
Miners black lung. [THING]
Asbestos.
Vibrant white finger. [THING]
And radium jaw.
- Oh no! That's horrible! - Oh, that brush thing.
The phossy jaw .. phossy jaw.
Yes. You have a point [DING]. You have a point [DING]
yeah, that was gross.
yeah, those were the match girls. This was not just a radium paint lick alone.
this was phosphorous licking.
Mmm ... that's phoss jaw, is not it?
that is phossy jaw ... phosphorous jaw.
There is also a reference to Eben Byers here.
American socialist, athlete and industrialist.
He won US amateur in golf in 1906. Eh, what happened to him?
Golf ball in his face?
Maybe something with radiation in his jaw?
I was hoping somebody would say that his card fell off.
--Oh! his jaw fell off. - His jaw fell off.
Right! Fully correct. even ... [DING]
The Wall Streat Journal has a wonderful article here, "The radium of water worked fine until its jaw fell off".
Ohh! No.
He took a patent medicine that was made of what?
Radium. [THING]
Dissolved in?
Water. [DING]
Point! ... Points for everyone!
What does it call radium water?
it was indeed radium water, right.
- It was a common thing. - It was called Radithor.
Yeah, there was a time when radiation cured everything. Or not?
Well, specifically, radium was not the thing that would actually cure everything.
You could take it liquid. as a suppository. You would do everything it needed.
We talked about this last time, right?
Yes indeed. This was the minimum of a microcurie in distilled water.
The owner of the company, head of the laboratory, was Dr. William Bailey. What was he not?
A doctor?
He what is not a medical doctor. No. Not even in the neighborhood. [THING]
is this ... ehm ... homeopathic radium?
- No! if it was homeopathic radium ... - Would you be ocher!
You can really buy that. I'll tell you what ... I did not have time to order it.
But I just thought about it ... One of the prices I thought I was buying.
I would get a physical price, not a cheap joke.
Because I would say: congratulations, you win homeopathic kitten chlamydia.
And then I would buy a small jar of pills with homeopathic kitten chlamydia.
Which you could buy for four or five pounds. From the royal homeopathic pills supplier.
I'm not joking
What would I do? What should I use the homeopathic kitten chlamydia pills for?
Curing chlamydia in your kitten.
No joke!
I do not believe a word.
Wait a second! So, I give my kitten chlamydia, to cure my kitten of chlamydia?
No! You give your kitten water with chlamydia first.
Which then heals your kitten's chlamydia. No joke!
But I do not ... [stutter] ... but I do not cure chlamydia by giving myself more chlamydia!
It does not work like that.
They also sell you homeopathic Berlin wall.
What is that for? Communism?!
Claustrophobia.
F *** off!
How does ... the Berlin wall was f *** ing outside!
I could walk past it. I could see the sky, the ground. I could walk in all directions except the righting where the wall stood.
Sell ​​me a room if you want to cure me of claustrophobia!
The only way I can be cured from the berlin wall is the intolerance between East and West Germany.
That is ridiculous!
Breath(!)
Eat some concrete, if that's your problem!
Take it easy. Quiet...
William Bailey who the man who sold the radium of water was never dragged to justice
for the dead he caused.
Even...
Well, he was dragged to court in a large amount of water.
Yes.
Not homeopathic. If that was it ... it would not have killed him.
I'm sorry, that was me with the homeopathic drink, was not it?
The federal trade commission, the US government, stopped its radium water trade.
What was he going to do then?
Radium beer?
Radium milk?
Radium letters?
Ah, you know what? Radium paper weights. You can have a point for that. [THING]
- S *****! - Radi-weight?
Eh, yes. Radioactive belt clips. But more importantly ...
"Warm your balls!"
But more importantly ... a mechanism that did something with water?
Heated it?
Yes, I would have done that.
With radium.
Yes! It made water radioactive, so that you could make your own radium water. [THING]
Even though it was proven that people were dead?
Ah, yes ... yes, indeed. That was he made ...
Well, he knew what he wanted and he went for it.
Yes. Now that we are working on this. We have Eben Byers, that was the person from whom the jaw dropped.
Yes.
He is buried in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. What was so special with his funeral?
Lead coffin?
Point! [DING] Lead coffin. Perfect.
That was because they did not want to irradiate everyone.
Yes! And they did not want to contaminate the soil around him.
Hmm.
So we have a golfer elbow, tennis elbow, we have a cello scrotum, all of which were not true.
Ah! We also have ehm ... oh, [LONG BEEP]
He has seen a picture of it!
I've clicked on what was tagged as "jeep ass".
Okay.
Is that where your wheel has traces?
No!
You remember that I was talking about cyst?
Yes!
No!
It left me right ... it just went ... directly to that ... photo!
That is the risk I take with this screen in front of me.
Have you just seen a curved buttock of a man?
Aah! Yes.
Gecyst!
Oh! He is completely cyst ...
What happened to Dave? Oh, he was completely cyst.
As all doctors call it.
The last.
Is Nintendo thumb.
That's because of playing console games all night.
[DING] Yup.
It can not only be Nintendo. Other consoles ... you can not have PS3 pink? Or something.
No no. They have that tricked market.
Yes, it's just like gamer's grip. It is just RSI.
But if you go with Nintendo, what kind of word joke can you give that?
Given that it has to do with Nintendos ... and the things we are talking about here.
- So tendons? - Veins?
Ninten ... Oh ... Nintendonites!
POINT! [THING]
Correct.
Imagine, they were in a circle with their white jackets on, and their stethoscopes.
Nintend ... Nintendonites!
Even more worrying, I think I now understand how Sega Stones was invented.
They had to stop making consoles.
Ah! Here we go.
Just like: X-box.
Aaw!
Congratulations Gary, you will win this week's show.
Alright!
You win a subscription to the Das van de Maand club.
Ooh!
Try to be at home when they deliver it.
They get a little angry if you leave them with the neighbors.
And with that, we thank you, Cris Joel.
Woo!
And Gary Brannan.
Matt Gray.
Bye!
I'm Tom Scott and we'll see you next time.
Translation: geret13
[We mean it. Do not search for "jeep bottom" on Wikipedia.]